In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively work on text documents on the TeamBox using the app 'Text Editor'...
New documents can be created in this overview.
Here you can also select from a list of already existing text documents and then edit the chosen one.
When working together on the same text, this app allows tou to see who of your group is writing which lines.
Everyone can immediatley see when someone other writes or edites text.
Text can be formatted: for example you can style it bold or italic.
In addition you can insert lists and indented text.
You can search the hole document for specific words and replace them with others if you want to.
If you're programmer you might be interested in selecting different syntax highlightings.
This automatically disable the so called authorship colors.
Of course, you can also disable them whitout chosing any highlighting. This simply can be done in the settings.
You can set some more display preferences:
For example, you can hide line numbers or chose aother font.
The is also the possibility to import/upload own text documents from your computer to edit them.
Be cafeful when uploading files. This overwrites the current text.
Of course, you can also download and save collabboratively created text in different files formats.
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Have fun working with your group on the TeamBox!